Azure test module (#31840)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphUser/ReleaseNotes/1_5_27.md

#### Integrations

##### Azure Active Directory Users

> - Updated the **test-module** command  to run successfully when using client credentials authentication flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The *Test* button is now functional for client credentials authentication type only.
```
